Privacy Policy
ATU provides total project management, right from architectural design, integration, system and interface development to migration backed by excellent methodologies, well-defined solution frameworks and extensive integration experience with tier-1 service providers
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to be part of us or to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that We collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Security Camera for house unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use

For a better experience, while using our Service, [I/We] may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information [add whatever else you collect here, e.g. users name, address, location, pictures] The information that [I/We] request will be [retained on your device and is not collected by [me/us] in any way]/[retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy].

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

Google Play Services
Log Data

We inform you that whenever you join Us or use one of our Service, in a case of an error/ Fault in the applications programs, we collect data and information through third party products. This may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Services, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.


This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case We discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that We will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. [I/We] will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
Masaka-Uganda
Phone: +256-752828578
Whatsapp: +256-752705411
Email: info@AlfredTechUganda.com
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Services.
If you have any questions or suggestions about Our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact [me/us  info@alfredtecnologies.com
